added documentation for testing forms using @testing-library/user-event (#683)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/testing.md

})
```

## Testing Forms

> An alternative explanation, written in TypeScript and featuring a Storybook example, [can be found on the RedwoodJS forum](https://community.redwoodjs.com/t/testing-forms-using-testing-library-user-event/2058).

> To test our forms, we can make use of of the [`@testing-library/user-event`](https://testing-library.com/docs/ecosystem-user-event/) library.
> 
> > `user-event` tries to simulate the real events that would happen in the browser as the user interacts with it. For example `userEvent.click(checkbox)` would change the state of the checkbox.

Reviewer: - how's this new copy sound?
```suggestion
To test our forms, we can make use of of the [`@testing-library/user-event`](https://testing-library.com/docs/ecosystem-user-event/) library which helps us approximate the the events that would actually happen in the browser if a real user were interacting with our forms. For example, calling `userEvent.click(checkbox)` toggles a checkbox as if a user had clicked it.
```

    await waitFor(() => user.click(submitButton))

    expect(onSubmit).not.toHaveBeenCalled()
  })

  it('submits when required fields are entered', async () => {
    const name = 'My Name'
    const nickname = ''

    const onSubmit = jest.fn()

    render(<NameForm onSubmit={onSubmit} />)

    const nameField = screen.getByPlaceholderText('Name')
    const submitButton = screen.getByText('Submit')

    await waitFor(() => user.type(nameField, name))
    await waitFor(() => user.click(submitButton))

    expect(onSubmit).toHaveBeenCalledTimes(1)
    expect(onSubmit).toHaveBeenCalled()
    expect(onSubmit).toHaveBeenCalledWith(
      { name, nickname },
      expect.objectContaining({
        _reactName: 'onSubmit',
        type: 'submit',
      })
    )
  })

  it('submits with the expected, entered data', async () => {
    const name = 'My Name'
    const nickname = 'My Nickname'

    const onSubmit = jest.fn()

    render(<NameForm onSubmit={onSubmit} />)

    const nameField = screen.getByPlaceholderText('Name')
    const nicknameField = screen.getByPlaceholderText('Nickname')
    const submitButton = screen.getByText('Submit')

>     await waitFor(() => user.type(nameField, name))
>     await waitFor(() => user.type(nicknameField, nickname))
>     await waitFor(() => user.click(submitButton))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    await waitFor(() => userEvent.type(nameField, name))
    await waitFor(() => userEvent.type(nicknameField, nickname))
    await waitFor(() => userEvent.click(submitButton))
```

})
```

## Testing Forms

> An alternative explanation, written in TypeScript and featuring a Storybook example, [can be found on the RedwoodJS forum](https://community.redwoodjs.com/t/testing-forms-using-testing-library-user-event/2058).

> To test our forms, we can make use of of the [`@testing-library/user-event`](testing-library/user-event) library.

Author: I used the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/testing-library/user-event), but I like this link better as it has a dual-function of exposing anyone who follows it to a wealth of other testing libraries and resources.

That would probably explain the difference between my use of `user` and your expectation/suggestion of `userEvent`.

> > `user-event` tries to simulate the real events that would happen in the browser as the user interacts with it. For example `userEvent.click(checkbox)` would change the state of the checkbox.

Author: The first sentence are my words; the second, blockquote, is quoted from the [`user-event` GitHub repository](https://github.com/testing-library/user-event#the-solution). I'm not against rewording it to put it more in the context of a Redwood application.

> > `user-event` tries to simulate the real events that would happen in the browser as the user interacts with it. For example `userEvent.click(checkbox)` would change the state of the checkbox.

Reviewer: Ah gotcha we'll definitely want to reword it more if we're taking it out of the quoted context then

```bash
yarn add -D @testing-library/user-event
```

> `@testing-library/dom`, `user-event's` dependency, is already provided by Redwood.

### Building a Form

Let's assume you've already created a component using `yarn rw g component`. This component is built using the `@redwoodjs/forms` package and provides a simple interface for using the form: we subscribe to changes via an `onSubmit` callback-prop.

```javascript
// NameForm.js
import { Form, Submit, TextField } from '@redwoodjs/forms'

const NameForm = ({ onSubmit }) => {
  return (
    <Form onSubmit={onSubmit}>
      <TextField
        name="name"
        placeholder="Name"
        validation={{
          required: true,
        }}
      />
      <TextField
        name="nickname"
        placeholder="Nickname"
        validation={{
          required: false,
        }}
      />
      <Submit>Submit</Submit>
    </Form>
  )
}

export default NameForm
```

### Testing the Form

Now, we can extend the `test` file which Redwood generated. We're going to want to:

1) Import `waitFor` from the `@redwoodjs/testing` library.
2) Add an import to `@testing-library/user-event` for its `default`.

> 3) Provide an `onSubmit` prop to our "renders successfully" test.

Author: Decapitalize "Import" on the second bullet.

> 3) Provide an `onSubmit` prop to our "renders successfully" test.

Reviewer: Thanks just made that change
